couple more fixes after edit (#63)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: README.md

### Live preview

> Run the `live-preview.sh` script to render a local view of the site. The html files are in `docs/workdir/build`. Rerun the script to view any edits to `docs/index/` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `live-preview.sh` script to render a local view of the site. The html files are in `docs/workdir/build`. Changes to files under `docs/index/` should reflect immediately, though you'll have to kill and rerun the script when adding or removing a file.
```

I'd rather fix the issue than document broken behaviour; please confirm that #65 fixes this for you.

Author: Hi, `live-preview` still requires a restart to pick up changes.

Reviewer: Can you confirm you still see that bug on the `fix-live-preview` branch?

Author: Still have to rerun the script to see changes.

Reviewer: I'm still not comfortable documenting broken behaviour.

Author: Until it's fixed, this is how it behaves.

To view the html docs, extract them and launch a webserver, e.g. via Python, and point your browser at `http://localhost:8000`.

```zsh

> tar xf docs/workdir/target/html-docs-$(jq -r '.daml' LATEST).tar.gz

Author: Yes, it just worked for me too, it didn't earlier today curiously.
